Add weekly update to responsibilities (#15722)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/business-operations/README.md

  - Provide SVB with our board-approved annual operating budgets and projections (on a quarterly granularity) for the new year.
  - Deliver this as early as possible in case they have questions.

### Update weekly KPIs
- Create the weekly update issue from the template in ZenHub every Friday and update the [KPIs for BizOps](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Hso0LxqwrRVINCyW_n436bNHmoqhoLhC8bcbvLPOs9A/edit#gid=0) by 5pm US central time.

> - Check the KPI sheet at 5pm US central time to ensure all departments have updated their KPIs on time.  If any departments are delinquent, notify the department head and let the assistant to the CEO know so they can put it on the agenda for their next one-on-one with the CEO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check the KPI sheet at 5pm US central time to ensure all departments have updated their KPIs on time.  If any departments are delinquent, notify the department head and let the [Apprentice to the CEO](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/ceo#team) know so they can put it on the agenda for their next one-on-one with the CEO.
```
